hello how about friends how are they
I hope it's super super good
I welcome you to this section of the
kitchen channel with me what experience
they know it is not true and today we are going to
make some rich egg loaves I do not know
if you know him in your country if you
they know with another name the chile that is
my country I know it as egg
and is a very traditional recipe that
ago from a lifetime for
we make this type of bread cited
sweets to accompany tea time
summer 11 here I am going to leave you this
recipe that is very easy and very rich we go
to start with the ingredients in
beginning are of eggs carries eggs 6
eggs we are going to occupy six games 6
Yolks and five whites are worth 6 yolks and 5
clear we are going to occupy a cup of sugar
impalpable powdered sugar or powdered sugar
as you know her in your country
if they did not have this sugar if not
they could buy the wave they almost only have
granulated sugar is very easy to put one
cup of this sugar inside the
blender toys as you know it and the
they put at full speed and the sugar gets
will transform immediately
well then let's occupy flour
normal flour without good dust I say
dust because here in Spain the
Flour sells the film dust and dust
of baking or chemical yeast as the
know
it will sell part voucher then we will
occupy 800 grams of flour and we are going to
occupy three quarters of dust envelopes
to bake, it 's like this
You acquired yeast powder because of the
royal for the dust that you have to
hand to raise the dough worth
I always always recommend them when
prepare all kinds of cookies things with
flours always have a place of inah
extractor anything because always
it can always be that the dough asks for a
little bit more than flour worth
let's occupy margarine margarine not
occupy 150 grams of this margarine
it can be from this as airlines but
margarine vale
and we're also going to occupy a little bit of
milk if the dough needs it I'm not going
to say whether half and three quarters and
will execute do not have a little milk to
hand if you see that the mass asks you
They should put a little milk better
and we will also add half
teaspoon of salt then now we
let's go prepare these rich
little plates of good good I here already
I have the clear five clear and the
I'm going to beat and I'm going to beat them almost to
snow point is worth if they want great
snow point well but it is not necessary
but if you have to beat the
once we have the keys already beaten
how to continue beating the six themes the
margarine and sugar is worth
m
this well beaten that looks pretty
plant we are going to add the average
teaspoon of salt
I'm going to put a little bit of
lemon zest
this is optional that he likes is the
Lemon can put a little lemon
if it is not necessary
and I'm going to put half a teaspoon of
cinnamon
good once they have fought well the
cinnamon and what they had applied to
put them the whites that are already beaten
ok in this world also should
Get on the furnace to 180 grades
approximately so that it is warm
when we enter the field now we are going to
add the whites and we will continue
beating
now let's add the flour that already
is mixed with other powders and
We will continue stirring until we get
that a more compact mass is formed
well once we see that it starts
to put more compact obviously for the
blender can not let go
follow with a wooden spoon until
we can start a little bit with the
hands
well now I'm with my hand
finishing mixing the flour well
It is loose on the sides and I will take it out
I will not finish joining well and we will start
to make the parasites
we put it on the table with a little
Of flour
and we are going to pass it a little
and we're going to start making our
little steps
to make this little step, let's go
removing pelotitas already of the cut depends
of finally they are not very big and we are going
to make a kind of bread like that
Y
let's go leaving on the table that
have in flour
and
and now that we have ready the
transits then I did not go out 13
steps to eat less calculate a
little bit bigger can go less
well what I'm going to do is make a
cross here
and I'm going to paint them with yolk with
a little water
good once you have everything
ready to pass the oven tin that the
are going to have oiled and floured or if
we do not put paper or part of it
butter like that and they'll put it in
oven at approximately 280 degrees
depending on where you since the
180 degrees of 25 or 30 minutes worth
when they are golden brown
time to take out the 4 are already
ready to go to the oven and when
be ready, I'll show you guys
friends and friends here is finished
our recipe today the pancito de
very rich egg smells we go delicious
I would like to love you guys
they could read it but I know that with more
of some it will prepare you sure yes
so here is this lukewarm still
because it does little that the assets of the
oven but let's go with a tecito with a
coffee with a milk chocolate for
the breakfast for the snack for
after eating
I recommend them a lot and I hope that
we lost as always to give him like
my facebook page to subscribe
if they have not done all leaders
social networks facebook twitter
instagram and the channel is in the box
of video information in this the
description of the video is valid and I hope so
that they have liked to be prepared and
if they do leave a little photo in the fest
they go a kiss here at the end of queens to
that world and until the next video chau
bye
and